README.md, before:


# Project Name: Hello Microverse

> Hello Microverse Task 
Create new branch according to GitHub flow rules
Added a .gitignore file
setup a linters for html and css and made sure that files not relevant are ignored by git.
Added a descriptive README file 
Add 3 file (each file in a separate commit)
Added an html file which includes a header with the text " Hello Microverse"

## Built With
- HTML and CSS
- Visual Studio Code -Electron framework
- Technologies used

## Getting Started

**This project include linters for HTML,CSS, and Open Source Document
.**
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
Node package Manager(NPM)
Follow set up instructions from Node Official Website https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Text Editor: VS-Code or any other Code editor 

### Setup
Simple Setup  folder
  HelloMicroverse1
  package.json
  index.html
  styles.css

### Install

### Usage
npx hint .
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

### Run tests

### Deployment
## Authors

👤 **Richard W.K Chileya**

- GitHub: [@richardchileya](https://github.com/richardchileya)
- Twitter: [@Richard Chileya](https://twitter.com/richardchileya)
- LinkedIn: [Richard Chileya](https://linkedin.com/in/richardchileya)


Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!


## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

Edited Read me file to include test.md requirement

README.md, after:


# Project Name: Hello Microverse

> Hello Microverse Task 
Created new branch according to GitHub flow rules
Added a .gitignore file
setup a linters for html and css and made sure that files not relevant are ignored by git.
Added a descriptive README file 
Add 3 files (each file in a separate commit)
Added an html file which includes a header with the text " Hello Microverse"
Added a test.md file which will be ignored by git 

## Built With
- HTML and CSS
- Visual Studio Code -Electron framework
- Technologies used

## Getting Started

**This project include linters for HTML,CSS, and Open Source Document
.**
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
Node package Manager(NPM)
Follow set up instructions from Node Official Website https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Text Editor: VS-Code or any other Code editor 

### Setup
Simple Setup  folder
  HelloMicroverse1
  package.json
  index.html
  styles.css

### Install

### Usage
npx hint .
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

### Run tests

### Deployment
## Authors

👤 **Richard W.K Chileya**

- GitHub: [@richardchileya](https://github.com/richardchileya)
- Twitter: [@Richard Chileya](https://twitter.com/richardchileya)
- LinkedIn: [Richard Chileya](https://linkedin.com/in/richardchileya)


Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!


## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._
